this is thinking aim with rush on them
and Maya Shum coming to Tuesday October
7th 2003
in the old days when I was invited to
drop in for a chat with Allen Dulles the
CIA was housed in a rambling group of
brick Victorian buildings on a small
hill overlooking foggy bottom those
visits were like a page out of Agatha
Christie
they were always tweeting men like
Dulles with him and the men's faces were
lean and handsome the kind you saw in
whiskey ads leaning indolently beside
tall fireplaces in English country
houses or perhaps their Long Island
equivalents
times have changed that the CIA
headquarters has moved across the river
to the enormous complexity and there is
nothing Victorian about the director's
office these days but the fundamental
question remains what it has been all
along the tweeds the pipe the aromatic
tobacco the fine accents of Boston and
Philadelphia were never more than a con
the real face of the CIA is the man with
the angle iron the enforcer the bottom
line at the CIA is blackmail the squeeze
and killing like the Mafia
it is a brotherhood where the case
officers those laded to be covert agents
make their careers running paid agents
subverting governments carrying out
assassinations instigating coup d'etat
corrupting political parties and
newspapers and if they climb high enough
up the ladder running major operations
such as the infamous Phoenix program of
political murder and execution in South
Vietnam that was directed by William
Colby and took 60,000 lives these are
the gentlemen killers of the CIA wrote
harrison salisbury the Pulitzer
prize-winning New York Times journalist
and author in the Maine 1975 issue of
Penthouse magazine our taking aim
program today is dedicated to Lou wolf
whose courage and dedication with
publication of covert action bulletin
and then covert action information
quarterly made so many aware of the
importance of outing the gentleman
killers of the CIA ralph Harrison
Salisbury was the leading foreign
correspondent for the New York Times
chief correspondent in Moscow and
furthermore a major spokesperson for
official policy all through his long and
well honored career mmm huge so cute
surprise included at the New York Times
indeed I recall vividly Harrison
Salisbury because at the time that we
were involved in the International
Tribunal on war crimes in Indochina Ho
Chi Minh and Pham van dong asked us to
recommend and to arrange a American
correspondent to come to Hanoi one of
the first in fact the first official
correspondence that the Vietnamese were
prepared to allow access to areas that
were always targeted for bombardment and
after much discussion with Harrison
Salisbury we came to the conclusion that
he represented a sector of the class
that could come to the view that this
war was not advantageous any further to
American imperialism I mentioned this
because Harrison Salisbury not so long
after that was in the forefront of
opposing the nature and character of the
specific policy that of which Vietnam
there wasn't expression in a paradigm in
his extraordinary article in penthouse
in May 1975 as Maya indicated entitled
the gentlemen killers of the CIA the
subheading was the agency has always
employed murder and subversion Salisbury
writes that CIA intervention in Chile
against the government of the late
Salvador Allende was any kind of a freak
the quotes destabilization of a yen day
was CIA business as usual the CIA
attempted to destabilize many
governments
CIA efforts to topple existing regimes
are accurate some are public and some
are not two of the most notorious notes
Salisbury where the CIA effort in Iran
against Mossadegh and then its effort in
Shekar against Sukarno in Indonesia he
notes that the CIA has links to the
police departments and especially to the
security police of countless countries
and to those of every Latin American
government if the chance is to be broken
because of a coup d'etat it is
immediately reforged with the new
administration the same is true of all
generals and Armed Forces of all Latin
American countries the bottom line at
the CIA right Harrison Salisbury is
blackmail the squeeze and killing some
people have known this simple truth from
the beginning but the CIA has a con and
that con had a lot going for and was
bought by many he continues how did the
con work the most comprehensive picture
of the hidden mechanisms in inner
psychology of the CIA was given by
Philip Agee he writes who was recruited
into the company upon graduating from
Notre Dame in 1956 and who resigned in
1969 thoroughly disillusioned after 13
years of service in Latin America and he
cites how age Philip Agee which was
brought to the realization of what it
was he was fact that he was conducting
for the Central Intelligence Agency
because he describes how
the many many people that he was
fingering for the CIA across Latin
America was somehow removed from his
understanding as to the consequences of
their that of their detention until he
was present when he heard the actual
sounds of torment as genitalia were
being attached to electrodes and the
victim going into spasms of agony it was
this confrontation with the concrete
meaning of his daily work for for 13
years that traumatized Philip Agee and
resolved him to break with the crimes of
which he had been to which he had been
party for so many years as in Harrison
Salisbury writes the CIA men feel no
remorse over the killings the killing of
premier Mosaddegh of Iran the killing of
Che Guevara these are called targets and
the killing is always carried out with
impunity the six the fact that the
security police of Ecuador of Uruguay a
kill and torture men on the CIA target
with had hardly bothered Philip Agee
until that chance occurrence in the
month of the day of peace headquartered
quarters when he confronted the loud
moans coming from the room from the
target he had named to the police as a
picanha a hand-operated generator
applied to the man's genitals as the as
Harrison saw was very described let's
look at these police chiefs and their
assistants
according to Salisbury and documented by
many others they are brought to
Washington to attend the International
police Institute courses and are
routinely put on CIA payrolls
the co-option of Latin American armed
forces occurs through quote training
programs which bring candidate officers
to the United States the ties are kept
operative by the CIA and its golden
stream of funds when the men go back to
their countries now let's look at some
of the other methods which we are going
to discuss in further detail throughout
the
show ordinarily it says the CIA has its
creative talent section one devoted to
concocting forged documents falsified
speech speeches and other materials for
circulation in the local press the CIA
buys editors and provides them with the
necessary copy forged documents for
instance quotes Salisbury were an
important element in the CIA sponsored
overthrow of President Aero Samina in
Ecuador in 1963 the same technique was
used to provoke a diplomatic break
between Peru and Cuba the CIA take
genuine materials and insert a few false
phrases or they take two or three
documents run them together include a
favorable reference to some local
official whose reputation they wish to
taint and then the material surface
possibly in an airport customs
examination or the CIA plants them with
the police to be quote found on an
innocent victim the most famous of such
concoctions with a pen costs key papers
which were compilation of partly true
partly invented materials supposedly
written as a memoir by a famous Soviet
double agent Ralph in real life
Harrison Sabri describes the CIA
resembles nothing so much as a great and
closed fraternity indeed it is an arena
in which everything is kept secret and
kept to itself all activities are
classified as top secret and people are
not allowed to refer to to themselves in
other terms they are what are called non
winged individuals and non-wetting is
this feller describes at the CIA secret
lingo a witting person at CIA speak
means a person in a know an agency man
no witting man ever talks about
technique he speaks about tradecraft the
lingo is familiar
here safe houses dead-drops cutouts
flutter walkins recruits cold pics
attempts to recruiting agents cover cold
by walking up to them infill exfil burn
and blow sabotage the false flag
operations whereby operations are
carried on in the name of those you want
to demonize the standard procedure for
all major imperial operations as
acknowledged by salisbury the men know
each other by krypton ins code names so
CIA men and clandestine service bear
these accompany man a man's krypton them
in the nick name stems from this and
this all in the service of murder of
sabotage of betrayal of destruction
destruction of the targets of american
rulers and these are invariably the
people who are engaged in movements of
social reform movements for national
independence movements for reclaiming of
natural resources movements for
mobilizing the colonial oppressed
movements in opposition to imperial
reach it is that that the gentlemen
killers of the CIA are mandated to
destroy and wipe the mafia he writes the
agency is a true Brotherhood the company
will do anything lie cheat I quote steal
kidnap suborn perjury bribe corrupt
subvert kill and kill again if you are
of the blood the company cares for you
if you are not you are disposable you
are dispensable expendable and it's our
Harrison Salisbury from the inside
writes in penthouse in May 1965 75 75
sorry the company placement agency finds
places suitable to the talents
temperament and training in their big
active Department of course there are
certain individuals agents operatives
hired hands who are scheduled for
termination with extreme prejudice no
employment no finance
benefits are allow are involved here
it's a job for the coroner if the body
ever turns up this similarity to the
Mafia is noticeable but the agency
terminates its own career employees in
the Mafia manner whenever they know too
much or are possible or possibly about
to disclose the right names the right
places the right accents the company
determines having been chosen you are
tested the company's sister service in
England mi6 for so many years Club
herbal and cosy that it tested
candidates by and what inviting them to
country houses is no longer the method
these men make their careers running
agent subverting governments carrying
out assassination instigating coup
d'etat corrupting political leaders
infiltrating and growing newspapers and
if they are able and shrewd enough they
climb up high enough on the ladder to
run major operations such as the Phoenix
program of political murder in South
Vietnam it involves political murder it
involves execution on a large scale it
involves rounding up the members of
target organizations of target popular
movements of target students of target
trade unionists of target cheaters to
teachers authenticated instances of
victims being interrogated in
helicopters hurled overboard
a program of political murder that is
sustained let's look at some examples
the government of the Shah of Iran was a
virtual creation of the CIA confirmed by
Harrison Salisbury the agency engineered
the overthrow of Mossadegh in a coup
planned by one of the CIA's most
skillful black operators Kermit
Roosevelt the Shahs security forces were
trained and equipped by a succession of
American and CIA specialists for many
years the CIA station chief in Tehran
was understood by foreigner and Persian
alike to be the second most important
in the country and many felt he was the
most important he lived in grandiose
style right Salisbury in an exquisite
suburban villa and his dinners were a
gourmets delight the char hardly made a
move without consulting his CIA adviser
Philip ageing estimated that in a single
year the CIA poured at least $300,000
into the Uruguayan police apparatus in
bribes equipment and so-called training
trips to Washington another example
cited by AG was Brazil where he noted
that in a fairly typical election
campaign the CIA had funded eight of 11
state governorship races 15 candidates
for the Senate 250 candidates for the
Chamber of Deputies and about 600
candidates for the state legislature
there was hardly a political leader
newspaper editor student leader or
labour chief in Latin America at the
time when eg was writing who was not
approached by the CIA at one time or
another and the CIA attempted to put
that person on the payroll in Ecuador
the legislator who became vice-president
had his monthly CIA stipend and the
CIA's effort against a Lian Bay in Chile
did not begin the year or so before his
downfall in 1973 it began as early as
the early 1960s the CIA was so heavily
involved in fighting alien day in the
1964 Chilean election that the company
could not obtain enough Chilean s Kaddu
toes on the open market to finance its
operations it had to send out an
emergency call to stations in Lima Rio
Montevideo and other places to buy all
the foreign exchange that it could lay
hands on the CIA won in 1964 but in 1970
even more frantic efforts failed to keep
day from power his ouster and murder
merely culminated a policy that had been
applied continuously for a decade Mya
the company man is Harrison Salisbury
reveals enters quote an unreal world he
lives his cover he exists 24 hours a day
365 days a year as someone else he is
living his life his superficial identity
may be that of a quiet young u.s.
embassy clerk in Ecuador in fact he is
the tiger who runs Street mobs mobs
assembled by local agent for convenience
sums paid in gold and deposited in Swiss
bank accounts today's to destabilize the
shaky reform government to enable a
bunch of fascist officers to take over
to stabilize the situation through round
ups and detentions and systematic
torture and killing and disappearances
the standard CIA procedure increasing
the security of their masters and
holding back the tidal wave of popular
demand for change a mass of material
about the CIA is now available there's
no longer any pretense there's no longer
any grounds for pretended ignorance the
CIA destabilized governments I had
seriatim the CIA efforts have been made
to topple existing regimes in all parts
of the world some attempts are most
public others are not and he continues
the CIA has links to the police
departments into the security police of
countless countries of every American
Latin American government the same is
true of general staffs of Armed Forces
and all those governments that are
targeted yes but the CIA also has close
ties to the larger US multinational
corporations who collaborate with the
CIA in what is a much little
investigated area at the time Salisbury
was writing in 1975 but has been further
investigated since then most notably was
the relationship of ITT international
telephone and telegraph in Chile
but the we have spoken over the past
week of the relationship of the Nell the
Nell so active now in Iraq and Saudi
Arabia Finnell as revealed by will
Wilbur crane evil and provided him for
cover when he was a CIA operative at
Harrison Salisbury writes many of these
relationships are very long-standing and
have been institutionalized over the
years cover is provided for CIA
operations and intelligence is traded
Colby that's William Colby often
expresses his gratitude for corporate
collaboration in his speeches to
business groups the community of
interest between the US and
multinational corporation was of course
classically demonstrated by ITT in Chile
let's look at the specific example of
CIA collaboration with corporations an
important article appeared in the
International Herald Tribune January 3rd
1978 about the CIA manipulation of the
media entitled CIA secretly built
manipulated a global propaganda network
and it discusses the unremitting the
largely unrecognized effort to shape for
an opinion in support of US policy
abroad and I'll go on to say to shape
the opinion here in the United States
the agency according to the
International Herald Tribune article by
John Crutzen has channeled information
and misinformation through a substantial
network of newspapers news agencies and
other communication entities that are
owned subsidized or otherwise influenced
by the CIA over the years the CIA
employed American reporters as agents
numbered others as sources of
information or quote assets useful to
its operations and the New York Times
did in a survey at the time of the CIA's
relationships with the US
news organizations Ralph as a matter of
fact Maya the article by John Cruz in an
extremely detailed article January 3rd
1978 in the International Herald Tribune
the CIA has refused every demand for
detail on its secret relationship with
American journalists and foreign
journalists and news gathering
organizations across the United States
the CIA has owned and subsidized over 50
newspapers outright in addition to news
services radio station chains
periodicals and television stations and
other communication entities in this
country overseas uses vehicles for
propaganda efforts for cover for their
operations and both foreign over one
over a dozen foreign based news
organizations and agencies are finite
financed by the Central Intelligence
Agency and fully infiltrated by paid
central intelligence agents over a dozen
US publishing houses including the most
prominent names in the industry print at
least 250 english-language books
financed or produced by the CIA in a
space of five years since the closing
days of World War two over 100 US
journalists employed by score of US news
agencies work as salaried intelligence
operatives while of performing their
nominal repertory all duties others
employed by the American military and
according to the intelligence their
revelations as documented here they are
permeating all means of communication
throughout the United States put out by
the CIA over channels around the world
including the Italian news agency answer
including the new services of countless
countries 34 paragraphs were cited of
four officials written by
counterintelligence experts at CIA
headquarters which were generalized as
the new service releases in countries
across the world Ralph when William
Colby a former CIA director was asked if
the CIA ever told such that
agents what to write called a reply
quote oh sure
all the time in other words the CIA is
the author of official outright
fabrication yes my as crimson writes in
the past thirty years dozens of
full-time CIA offices work to control
reporters non editorial employee
employees and all US owned news
organizations assert the agency's broad
campaign of cop propaganda is carried
out with the awareness that the bogus
news stories are treated as genuine with
knowledge by the US media Lyman
Kirkpatrick the CIA's Inspector General
stated that this was standard procedure
indeed he the CIA's efforts to mould
opinion range from tampering with
historic documents to fabricating
information to specifying propaganda for
furthering the policy aims of us rulers
according to former CIA officials the
agency is long had an early warning
network within the US government to did
that advises diplomats and key officials
of key stories that have been planted by
the agency there is a mechanism for
alerting newspapers and magazines and
broadcasting stations as to what is
expected of them on a given issue at a
specific time the International Herald
Tribune continues we tell you P I or ap
headquarters in the United States when
we are planting something as CIA
official says the stories are
transmitted over these agencies domestic
news wires and they permeate and they
continue nearly all the American
journalists employed by the central
intelligence agencies have been used for
the collection of intelligence support
for CIA operations and indeed such
agents become knowing channels of
disinformation to the US public the
International Herald Tribune robhughes
you refer to historical record and a
classic example described in this
International Herald Tribune article is
one nifty
with the speech that Soviet Prime
Minister Nikita Khrushchev delivered his
secret five-hour speech to the closing
session of the 20th Communist Party
Congress in Moscow from which all
foreign delegates had been excluded and
it was in that speech that Khrushchev
had attacked stolen his predecessor and
he has described him as a savage
half-mad despot now the word went out to
the CIA that they could get a copy that
they must get a copy of the text and by
late May the agency's
counterintelligence staff writes the
turkey Herald Tribune had succeeded in
obtaining a text in Poland a few late
days later it was released to US news
agencies through the State Department
there was something interesting about
that text the text obtained was an
expedited version and it was prepared
for delivery for the nation's to of
Eastern Europe and 34 paragraphs of the
material had concerning the future
Soviet foreign policy had been deleted
and what the CIA did what is delivered
to the US newspapers was another text
containing precisely 34 paragraphs of
material on future foreign policy that
was written by the CIA
counterintelligence experts and the
article in this regard specifies the
following the thousands of books
published by the Central Intelligence
Agency in the United States contained
propaganda ranging from fiction to
outright deception one such book the
pankov ski papers was published for what
the Senate Committee called operational
reasons by the Central Intelligence
Agency through Doubleday and company the
book purported to be the juror journal
kept by a Soviet agent Colonel Oleg
Penkovsky but indeed the information in
the book was contrived and compiled by
central intelligence agency operative
Frank Gibney
an employee of the Chicago Daily News
quote it was not a diary it was a major
deception and indeed mr. Gibney conceded
that the journal did not exist this is
but one concrete example of a continuing
process thousands of CIA books control
of publishing houses permeation of the
mass media the complete penetration of
all the main means of communication by
actual operatives operational
functioning subversive operatives who
seek to destroy the actual function of a
news service by converting it into the
propaganda arm of an intelligence
service the current operations of the
Shaw Harrison Salisbury continues a
virtual creation of the CIA are but the
little continuation of what is done in
almost every country the Shah of Iran
the work in Laos the ten-year for more
than ten years the CIA ran the secret
war and trained the mayo'
15 2002 20,000 mayo tribesmen for a
command force of two three hundred to
four hundred CIA personnel for more than
ten years they were running that
operation and you name the country
throughout the world and you are going
to find the operations of the CIA
whether it's Western Europe whether it's
Asia whether it's Africa or Latin
America the CIA is at work you are
listening to taking aim with Russian and
Mayas shown on WBAI 99.5 fm in New York
and on the Internet at www.engvid.com
eng' info where we have a program
archive we dedicated this program to Lou
Wolff who began covert action bulletin
which today is Cobra
action information quarterly and Lou
Holtz along with Phil aging published
remarkable books called in 1978 dirty
work the CIA in Western Europe edited by
SIL AG and Lowell and then dirty work to
the CIA in Africa edited by Ellen Ray
Williams chef Carl Ben Meador and Louis
Wolfe and these over 700 page books
voluminous books described in great
detail the work of the CIA but most
importantly they provide a hose who of
the CIA operatives as Phil Agee wrote in
the introduction since the late 1960s in
the Vietnam War the CIA had ended the
entire American government has faced
several of the most brilliant agents who
have quit and discussed and they have
told their secrets to the world
especially to the American people
Daniel Ellsberg a former US Defense
Department official published openly the
Pentagon Papers Victor Marchetti a top
aide to the CIA's deputy director joined
with former State Department
intelligence officer John marks to write
the CIA and the cult of intelligence
Phil Agee himself wrote his inside the
company a CIA diary and john stockwell
sent his open letter to stansfield
turner and authored a book in search of
enemies frank snip exposed the last days
of u.s. rule in saigon and importantly
there was an article that was published
in 1974 November 1974 in the issue of
Washington Monthly in Washington DC
entitled how to spot a spook and it was
written by John marks and in it John
marks describes how by using public
documents particularly diplomatic lists
in countries throughout the world it is
possible to locate who is who of the CIA
agents because for the most part they
operate under diplomatic cover of the
State Department as John Marx wrote more
than a quarter of the five thousand four
hundred thirty five employees at the
time who purportedly work for the State
Department of State overseas are
actually with the CIA in places such as
Argentina Bolivia Burma and Guyana where
the agency has special interests and
projects there are as many CIA
operatives undercover of substantive
embassy jobs as there are legitimate
state employees and then in other places
where the CIA has extensive military
operations such as in Japan and Germany
the CIA embeds its operatives under the
pent of the auspices of the Pentagon
Ralph in how to spot a spook and in the
revelatory documents that were the
genesis of covert action bulletins and
endure t-works the two books that you
cite the task has been to expose and
glue Wolfe and Phil Agee went through
over 40,000 pages of documentation of
state department publications u.s.
embassy personnel lists diplomatic lists
the Foreign Ministries aboard and other
perfectly overt sources and assembled
documents in a global index of CI
operations and personnel available for
every interested scholar historian
journalist and political activist who
seeks to oppose the secret interventions
and killings of the central intelligence
agencies and indeed in their
introduction Phil Aegean Lou Wolff these
researchers plan a continuing program to
distribute rail regular bulletins
worldwide to report personnel transfers
and new assignments we will seek to
expose the CIA attempts to carry out
secret operations to which through its
cooperating foreign intelligence
services around the world the operations
on
half of multinational corporations they
set themselves the task of exposing a
program of organized murder of sabotage
of subversion of governments of
destruction of mass movement of the
targeting of leaders of students and
trade unionists and peasants for social
change for national independence for
sovereignty for resistance to their
conquest and exploitation by a rapacious
imperial power by the time the wolf
ended the naming named sections in of
covert action bulletins in October of
1981 1000
a covert operatives had been exposed as
Phil Agee writes in his introduction to
dirty work the CIA in Western Europe
quote many people still seem to believe
the myths used to justify this secret
political police force referring to the
CIA some of the myths are of course
actively spread by my former CIA
colleagues others come from their
liberal critics but whatever the source
until we lay the myths to rest they will
continue to confuse people and permit
the CIA literally to get away with
murder as he writes the covert
operations the covert action operations
abroad are not sui generis they happen
because they respond to internal u.s.
requirements we cannot wish them away
through fantasies of some enlightened
President or Congress who would end
American subversion of foreign people's
and institutions by the wave of a wand
only prior radical change within the
United States change that will eliminate
the process of accumulating the value of
foreign labor and resources will finally
allow an end to secret intervention
abroad until then we should expect more
intervention by the CIA and
multinational corporations
not less increasingly important will be
the repressive capability of the your
agency's sister services abroad in quote
and as we have documented on many of our
taking aim shows for most among those
sister services is the Israeli Mossad
but as bill ng and Lou wolf to describe
it the CIA is an action agency above all
there is the area of interventionist
action invasion by Marines they target
the same everywhere governments they
don't like political parties the
military the police the Secret Service
is the trade unions youth and student
organizations culture and professional
societies and public information media
the CIA props up its operatives and
beats down its opponents it furthers us
hegemony so that American multinational
corporations and u.s. rulers can
intensify their exploitation of the
natural resources and labor of foreign
lands this is their mandate this is
their function this is their permanent
occupation and he states there is a myth
that the major problem is lack of
control that the CIA is a rogue elephant
this myth comes not from the CIA but
from its liberal critics those liberal
critics who accept the equation between
patriotism and the Central Intelligence
Agency's murderous operations who accept
the national interest as that of the
ruling class and accepts the we in the
United States as embracing of the state
apparatus of exploitation and murder as
opposed to the we of the many the
working people who are exploited the
working people who are subjugated no
less in the United States than in every
other part of the world for the Central
Intelligence Agency its covert
operations follow the orders as Phil
Agee and Lewis the state of successive
presidents of each National Security
Council of every administrative regime
that assumes power in the United
dates it is their instrument it is their
operational functioning murder apparatus
it is not ours it is not that of the
people who they target it is theirs for
the very purpose of carrying out these
criminal operations on behalf of a
gangster State and that is the gravamen
that is the point of this mewling
whining bleating hands on heart eyes
rolled to heaven will be wailing of the
disclosure of the role of Joseph Wilson
the forth and his operative wife
Victoria plane for Joseph Wilson the
fourth was the deputy director of
stationed at SIA of in Baghdad at the
time of the first Gulf War the de facto
ambassador to Iraq who on behalf of Bush
senior had been been directing Saddam
Hussein's invasion of Iran to amputate
whose east on a million lives cost in
that bleeding war between Iraq and Iran
it's instigated by zbigniew brzezinski
on behalf of Central Intelligence on
behalf of the National Security Agency
and continued up to the very moment when
Saddam Hussein was ensnared in Kuwait
has the pretext for launching the Gulf
War long prepared that is the function
that has been continuous that is
described so eloquently in the seminal
work of blue wolf and so aging Ralph
let's look a bit at Valerie Plame
Wilson's wife who is a CIA operative
what has come out is that she was
working under a corporate identity of
Brewster Jennings and associates and
this first appeared in the Federal
Election Commission records again a
public document in a form that she
filled out in 1999 where the case
officer was at the who was at the center
of the controversy because she
contributed a thousand dollars to Al
Gore's primaries of presidential primary
camp
at the time and so her name was revealed
and she had to give her company but the
company according to the Washington Post
in an article October fourth by Walter
Pincus and Mike Allen was as confirmed
by the administration a CIA front and in
fact this obscure and possibly defunct
according to the Washington Post firm
who was listed by plane as her on her w2
tax form in 1999 while undercover for
the CIA it doesn't have a telephone it
is not listed and the Brewster Jennings
& Associates doesn't have an address the
phone listing is not in service and the
property manager at the address that you
listed stated that there was no such
company at the property there is no such
firm I'm convinced according to a
government official CIA people are not
supposed to list themselves with
fictitious firms if they are under deep
cover they're supposed to be real firms
this sort of adds to the mystery and
that was stated by Robert Novak who's
the syndicated journalist who outed
Valerie Plame roughly the CIA operative
Ray McGovern on Pacifica Network
disclosed that Wilson was the deputy
chief of mission in Baghdad particularly
important to bush senior and he revealed
the operations as deputy chief of
mission in Baghdad just prior to the 90
or 1991 Iraq war and his services to
bush senior that is why he was sent to
Africa to Niger were indeed the former
ambassador Joe Wilson quote new Africa
like the palm of his hand having served
and
in Niger as ambassador and other
countries in Africa this functioning
operative deputy chief of mission in
Baghdad now in alpha now in Africa was
sent to Niger to check out the reports
about uranium for nuclear weapons coming
from from Niger to supposedly to Iraq
and indeed it's instructive that ray
mcgovern discloses and states that the
real authors of this fake transmission
of the uranium cakes to Sodom Hussein
was the Mossad he states that the the
agency understanding of the genesis of
this particular operation was the Mossad
and it was based on their knowledge of
the operations of the Mossad and who
gains now Joseph Wilson had taken his
distance from in from this particular
attempt to provide rationalization for
the new war on Iraq and that is the
genesis for the outing of his wife as
not an analyst for the Central
Intelligence Agency but an operational
officer and that is the genesis as well
for the liberal cried decrying of this
quote violation of the law well what is
it that they are violating this law that
they are to which the Liberals are
referring the livia the act was known as
the Luo wolf act the act was known as
the as the suppression of disclosure act
it was in fact inspired and determined
by george bush senior who was above all
determined to prevent the disclosure of
the role of the central intelligence
agency operatives such as himself
because that is involved in those
operations involve criminal acts of
murder criminal acts of sabotage
criminal acts of overthrowing of
governments criminal acts of killing US
citizens criminal conspiracies against
the u.s. against US governmental
operations the cell
that the CIA and its masters disapproved
so indeed the act known as the Luo fact
criminalized the disclosure of the
operations of the Central Intelligence
Agency in assassinating people across
the world a UH tur subjugation of free
speech and other destruction of the
ability to serve the needs of the many
by exposing the crimes of the few the
criminal acts of those who hold state
power in this society on behalf of
ruling capital let's look at the
official act
the intelligent identities Protection
Act section 4 2 1 protection of
identities of certain United States
undercover intelligence officers agents
informants and sources Part C disclosure
of information by persons in the course
of pattern of activities intended to
identify and expose covert agents now
this is an overarching section because
it states quote whoever in the course of
the pattern of activities intended to
identify and expose covert agents and
with reason to believe that such
activities would impair or impede the
foreign intelligence activities of the
United States discloses any information
that identifies an individual as a
covert agent to any individual not
authorized to receive classified
information knowing that the information
disclosed so identify such individual
and that the United States is taking
affirmative measures to conceal such
individuals classified intelligence
relationship to the United States shall
be fined under Title 18 or imprisoned
not more than three years or both and
there is an imposition of consecutive
sentences indeed ten years was expected
to be the minimal sentence for each
individual who was disclosed remember
we're talking here about operatives
whose criminal activities are being
exposed not only to defend the innocent
against through these murder operate
the CIA are carried out but also to
alert the American public to what is
being done in their name to alert those
who have a right to know that crimes
against individuals and crimes against
societies and brutal terrorist acts of
state are conducted routinely by the
Central Intelligence Agency in the name
of our people in the October 1981 issue
of covert action bulletin the last issue
with its volumes of naming names lil
wolf did an analysis of the intelligence
identities Protection Act and he noted
that the bill covers unclassified
material and it's designed to suppress
revelations that are derived purely from
this unclassified material public
documents that the bill covers FBI
military intelligence and other agencies
as well as the CIA that the bill is not
limited to the exposure of government
employees in other words it covers
present and former government employees
agents and performance and what are
called quotes sources of operational
insistence that the bill is not even
limited to names
it speaks of quote information that
identifies an undercover operative or
source that the build virtually
eliminates any whistleblowing in the
intelligence field and that the alleged
protections and any limitations that are
stated in the bill are meaningless
because as Louisville states quote the
CIA and other intelligence agencies have
stated many times that the disclosure of
any of its personnel or operations
impedes its effectiveness anything you
do in other words the CIA says is an
attack on the work of the CIA now it's
important to note that the CIA their
operatives who were exposed the more
than thousand operatives who were
exposed by Louisville and the people at
covert action bulletin and the 300
operatives exposed by feet by Phil Agee
not in danger because of being named
whatever endangered that they may have
faced and none of no danger came to any
of them was because of what they did
under their name it was because of their
actions it was not because of exposing
them well it's the exposure of the
operation that alerts people but it is
what they do that makes them hated and
makes them legitimate targets of those
who are their victims
indeed the progressive review on May 17
1990 1999 it's disclosed what the
meaning of this 1982 Luo fact was it was
about quote in a major move entirely
ignored by the media the House of
Representatives voted to make it a crime
to reveal not only the names of current
CIA agents but of former ones as well
the house voice voted mandatory
sentencing for those convicted of
revealing names the effect is to provide
cover for illegal CIA activity
particularly in the United States it
will be against the law to reveal
William Clinton's involvement of the
Central Intelligence Agency going back
to his Oxford days George Bush's decade
decades-long affiliation with the CIA
before he was named its director crucial
information to reveal the 400 mainstream
journalists who worked for the CIA
The Washington Post Benjamin Bradley's
work for the agency the CIA operatives
involved in drug smuggling in this
country out of such places as Maine
Arkansas the names of CIA operatives
placed at City Police Department's and
in positions as authority throughout the
United States one of the only restraints
on the activities the CIA is public
exposed by the media it is this very
ability to tell the truth
to expose criminal acts which preserves
any prospect of democratic change in
this society the progressive continues
and what indeed are the criminal
penalties for disclosure of clandestine
information the American Civil Liberties
Union on October 11th 2000 we write to
urge you to oppose the intelligence
Authorization Act HR 4 392 the bill
creates
those provisions taken from the
senate-passed version that threatened
civil liberties across the board
it makes virtually all unauthorized
disclosure of classified information a
felony published a federal felony
punishable by substantial fine and year
three years in prison the second would
legalize authorized intelligence
activity that is illegal under the terms
of any legislation adopted in the future
and the and the article of any of the
ACLU goes on to disclose that all of the
whistleblowing activity all of the
investigative journalism all of the
exposure of the meaning of Vietnam of
the meaning of the Iraq war of the
meaning of covert operations across the
planet all of this is being illegally
rendered illegal and all of us who are
engaged in speaking truth to power are
the targets of this legislation which is
designed in a totalitarian manner to
shut our mouths to close our eyes and to
render us complicit in the crimes of our
rulers well before we close today's show
I want to return again to the statement
in dirty works by Phil Agee his
statement that some of the myths about
the CIA are actively spread by the
liberal critics and I refer you to an
article by William rivers Pitt who was
authored books against the war in Iraq
and this one fair game is on 6 October
2003 and it can be found on Truthout org
and if he refers to the wife of Joseph
Wilson Valerie Plame as an extraordinary
person doing an extraordinary job and
when he talks about her extraordinary
job what he's referring to is quote if
said CIA operative is working to defend
our national security by keeping weapons
of mass destruction out of the hands of
terrorists and that is the work of
Valerie Plame and then also he refers to
the front companies used to protect the
identities of CIA
working to defend our national security
and by proxy all of the agents whose
lives are protected by that cover and
he's decrying the fact that they are now
fair game as well Valerie Plame is not
not defending you and mate Valerie Plame
as so well articulated by Phil Agee and
blue wolf is protecting the
corporation's the imperial rulers
throughout the world and maia what this
means is the following when the Guardian
in London publishes on September 27th
for 50 years a secretive arrangement had
been made to overthrow governments in
the world and it documents the specific
assassination plot of Dwight d
Eisenhower and the CIA mi6 plan to
eliminate three of the most influential
rulers in Damascus assassination plots
in 1957 they prelude to the operations
across Iraq disclosure of this
information the naming of the names of
the operatives who carried out these
assassination plans in Syria in 1957 are
violations of the Act the FBI funded
Hamas under Clinton Haaretz published on
the 7th of October today this very day
FBI sent money to Hamas while Clinton
was negotiating with R I went in in why
the FBI Phoenix office in cooperation
with Israeli intelligence with the
approve of Attorney General Janet Reno
was funding Hamas secretly funding money
to Hamas across Gaza and in Lebanon
according to Haaretz that we couldn't
publish this today on the basis of this
act
well the exposure of Valerie Plame by
Robert Novak is a falling out among the
feeds it is not an attack on an
extraordinary persons doing an
extraordinary job you are listening to
taking
with Ralph Sungmin and Maya's shown and
we will be back for part two of the
gentleman killers of the CIA when we
will disclose George Bush's involvement
in Operation Zapata and the Kennedy
assassination the role of the Central
Intelligence Agency in the killings of
Martin Luther King and Robert F Kennedy
the role of Lee Harvey Oswald is a CIA
operative and an FBI operative we will
name the names right here on taking aim
we will continue the work that Lou Wolfe
and Phil Agee have so heroically made
sustained we will speak truth to power
and we will not be intimidated by
punitive acts of suppression and we will
not be influenced by liberal attempts to
rationalize these acts by pleading the
cause of the operatives of suppression
Louis Wilson our Joseph Wilson and
Victoria plain you are listening to
taking aim with ruff Shulman and Mayas
shown you can reach us at - 1 2 - 0 9 -
9 5 3 or 707 five five two nine nine
nine five our email address is now
taking aim at WBAI dot org please note
you can reach us at taking aim at WBAI
dot org our internet site in WWI
taking aim dark info will be with you
next week
Oh
this is WBAI New York 99.5 fm this is
taking aim with ruff gyeongmin and maya
shown coming to you Tuesday October 14
like any good spy story the outing of
Valerie Plame Wilson is far more complex
than it seems on the surface she's a
hell of a shot with an ak-47 said her
classmate Jim Morrison Kowski that is
her classmate from the CIA training farm
camp parrot camp Perry this begins an
article secrets of the scandal by
Nicholas D Christoph in the New York
Times October 11th 2003 she turns out to
be a skill the skilled in throwing hand
grenades and to have lived abroad and
run covert operations in some of the
world's miss ear spots says Nicholas
Kristof today we begin part two of
outing the gentleman killers of the CIA
last week we discussed more about
Valerie Plame Wilson and her husband who
had been at one point an ambassador to
Gabon at another point the deputy deputy
director of the seventh deputy chief of
mission in Baghdad Mya and not only that
but director of African affairs in the
National Security Council these are not
minor figures they are not analysts
these are not only operatives but
they're in charge of covert ops in many
theaters and over a sustained period of
time
according to Nicholas Kristof if it may
have been that mrs. Wilson that Valerie
also called Valerie Plame had actually
been outed by Aldrich Ames along with
many other spies and her name given to
the Russians before Ames's arrest for
espionage in 1994 as Christoph writes
her undercover security was undermined
at that time and she was brought back to
Washington for safety reasons
is a specific reasons for that because
as Christoph reveals she was brought
back to Washington because she was
skulking along the back alleys of Beirut
and Algiers in covert operations of
which he was a director and a very well
trained hands-on operative that means
with not just hand grenades and not just
the paraphernalia of sabotage but with
the means of killing these are figures
who are part of the arsenal of Imperial
design covert ops who sabotage organised
hits who take out people this is the
nature of the Central Intelligence
Agency and its instrumentality is the
vehicle through which the ruling class
destroys popular movements overthrows
governments murders people in their beds
and carries out a sustained reign of
state terror on behalf of us Imperial
rulers an interesting article by Warren
Strobel appeared in the night Ritter
newspapers on the 12th of October
entitled breach puts lives at risk
insiders say and in it he elaborates
more on the history of Valerie Plame and
her relationship to the CIA born in 1963
which would make her 40 years old now
she graduated from Pennsylvania State
University and was quickly recruited by
the CIA attending training classes in
1985 by 1990 and in 1990 one plane was
attached to the US Embassy in Europe and
if you will recall last week we
discussed in detail how CIA operatives
work undercover of the State Department
assigned to the various embassies and
also they work under the Commerce
Department with the Commerce Department
setting up agencies in countries in each
country throughout the world now
according to address records it suggests
that she operated under official cover
for
or quite some time and knight-ridder
actually accumulated the address records
but voluntarily they withheld the
precise location of the embassies now
planes name didn't appear in the State
Department telephone and the embassy
director directories from that period
but knight-ridder is stating
conclusively that she was operating
undercover under official cover for the
CIA at a US Embassy in Europe also it's
important to note that the CIA spends
quite a bit of money in training their
operatives at minimally in the first
session at least three hundred and fifty
thousand dollars but to train a
full-scale killer and operative it costs
in the millions of dollars and maya the
warren Strobel nights written a report
of october twelfth doesn't mince words
claims career was as a covert operations
officer and the CIA directorate of
operations as you have been indicating
this had a series of covers a specific
cover being the brewster jennings and
associates which is a an example of a
proprietorial organization a CIA front
of which there are an enormous number in
every country in the world there are
nominal private organizations research
institutions nongovernmental
organizations corporations which aren't
affect proprietorial companies of the
central intelligence agency let us be
very clear about it the institutional
nature of us capitalism and its rule and
whatever nominal heading it chooses to
to assign itself is performing the
function of the murder squads the covert
ops the subversive conduct of operations
intended to eliminate opposition to
destroy people who
but advocates of social change to
compromise governments that are not
sufficiently compliant that is the
dynamic that is the meaning of the
functioning of these people as well most
of all the purpose of the CIA is to
undermine any national liberation
struggle that is taking place throughout
the world and that is well documented by
William Agee in his seminal work milivoj
Philip ageing oh what a day Philip Agee
in his seminal work inside the company
where he describes his own efforts in
Ecuador in exposing the resistance
movement in Ecuador that led to their
brutal torture and that was for him an
epiphany when he happened to be in a
police station and the very people who
he a poem he had given information were
being tortured
now Brewster Jennings and associates the
very company under which Valerie Plame
was working recently the CIA front
company this canister arrow formerly the
CIA chief of counterterrorism operations
and analysis fit that to the
knight-ridder newspapers that this is a
company that other CIA offices had been
using what was also interesting is that
while many of the CIA front company such
as Air America actually carried out a
business air America being a transport
company Brewster Jennings & Associates
when reporters went to the addres
trekked out the address and the phone
number for Brewster Jennings and
associates the very building met at the
very building where it was supposed to
have been located the building manager
said he had never heard of this company
and there was no phone listing by the
way my eyes and she brought up Air
America I think is essential to point
out to people that Air America
was the CIA company that was running the
drugs and the heroin out of Southeast
Asia in a regular mail run virtually
from Laos and from Indochina into the
United States in fact not only was the
CIA proprietorial
airline running heroin but they were
actually taking the bodies of US
soldiers and eviscerating them and
stuffing the corpses with heroin where
these bodies would be met by military
personnel at JFK and the heroin removed
from the corpses that gruesome detail of
the nature of the gangster State was
disclosed by Dick Gregory and myself in
the in the years when it was occurring
and during the Vietnam War and it has
long been acknowledged and has been
written about by many people but the
point being that Air America and these
proprietary organizations provide
preside over the operations of a
criminal gangster clique which is this
ruling class and we emphasize this in
almost every program that we have been
brought to Pacifica because we have seen
in the recent disclosure of the Bush
administration's outing a very Valerie
Plame that people have then sought to
romanticize the figures who have been
fingered by the central by the Bush
administration or whomever and that I
think is a fatal flaw the falling out
among the sea yes the squabbling over
the spoils because let's be extremely
clear about this there is a significant
wing of the ruling class that includes
Brent Scowcroft that improves Norman
Schwarzkopf that includes many of the
criminal figures in the ruling class who
were involved in the most nefarious
operations in the first Gulf War and the
setting up a Sodom Hussein and Indu
instigating of the iran-iraq conflict
and of all of the perfidious operations
of US imperialism
and destroying regimes in installing
Saddam Hussein and organizing the murder
of a broker in custom and the
destruction of the Iranian Revolution of
1958 the crimes that lay at the door of
us imperialism are also the the actual
work product of people like Joseph
Wilson the forth and his spouse Valerie
Plame and when these people like Brent
Scowcroft and the like have taken their
distance from the neo-cons and from
these the agenda of dismantling each
government client state in the Middle
East
fragmented them the neocon agenda the
agenda the Likud the agenda of the
Mossad the agenda of that wing of
capital that considers that they no
longer can afford no longer can pay for
no longer contol rate the intermediate
regimes that have been the administrated
Ministry of instrument these people are
engaged in a tactical dispute about how
best to work Imperial rule and so when
they are outed in an internecine
conflict yes make use of the fact that
they disclose that the Niger
a uranium cake pretext for invasion was
a fraud but every single act of these
very people in the course of their
careers has engaged in disinformation on
the part of the Central Intelligence
Agency targeting people who they have
demonized in advance the murder of Mehdi
Ben Barker my friend in Morocco the
leader of the socialist movement in
Morocco is at the hands of the people
like Vera Valerie Plame what was she
doing skulking the back streets of Rabat
and Morocco
carrying out the mandate of Central
Intelligence Agency covert operations in
North Africa what was the fate of many
of the leaders of the Algerian
revolution but at the hands of people
like Valerie Plame and her Mossad
Mossad Contin Park counterparts in the
years of destruction of resistance in
Algeria let's be very clear about this
in exposing the internecine conflict and
the meaning of those conflicts within
the ruling class it is fatal to
romanticize them
and even more so to use the felony
legislation of 1982 which is designed to
shut up people like Philip Agee like
Lewis wolf like ourselves like everybody
who attempts to expose the nature of
capitalist rule to silence us to prevent
us from naming names that's the purpose
of that legislation
let us now and vote not now invoke it
because it's real target is all of us in
terms of naming names today we are going
to discuss the target Syria and target
Iran and target Venezuela the operations
of the CIA in against these countries
and in terms of naming names I'd like to
refer to Wilbur crane evil and will the
crane evil and who worked for the CIA
for many years in the Middle East under
Kermit will Roosevelt who was the
grandson of Theodore Roosevelt and
Kermit Roosevelt was the chief of
operations in the Middle East now in
ropes of sand to which we've referred
when in discussing Iraq because of will
the crane evelin's
revelations about Saddam Hussein as the
CIA's man in Baghdad particularly in the
staging of the assassination of Abdul
Kareem Qasim and but in ropes of sand
America's failure in the Middle East
Wilbur crane evil ined names names names
names specifically about the operations
of the CIA to undermine Syria he speaks
of particularly the work of the United
States and Great Britain George Kennedy
Young was the deputy director to Major
General Sir John Sinclair the nameless
chief of mi6 known to all but a few in
Britain as the letter C seeing meaning
he was the chief who was in charge
now Jung had said that Egypt Saudi
Arabia and Syria threatened Britain's
survival this was in 1956 that their
governments would have to be subverted
or overthrown mind you 1956 Egypt Saudi
Arabia and Syria threatening Britain's
survival mile any mention at this point
don't want interrupt but there is a book
that's just been published by Stephen
Kinzer the New York Times correspondent
called all the shards men now he is also
the author of a prior book called
bitter fruit regarding the Central
Intelligence Agency put in Guatemala in
1954 and the the predicate for that was
what you've described in 1953 with
Kermit Roosevelt which was the overthrow
date a year technical talk about 5353
with the overthrow of Mossadegh and the
installation of the Shah that was the
premier Central Intelligence Agency puts
an assassination campaign and by the way
the people who were involved in the 53
in 250 for the Kermit Roosevelt and the
Howard hunts would feature then in the
in the assassination of John F Kennedy
and we're going to detail the role of
the Central Intelligence Agency and
internal assassination in November at
the time of the 40th anniversary of the
execution of the of John John F Kennedy
absent any romanticizing of the Kennedy
brothers you can be sure but not
withstanding that the fundamental point
is that all the Shahs men as it's
described by the publisher half a
century ago the United States overthrew
a middle-eastern government the victim
was Mohammad Mosaddegh the
democratically elected prime minister of
Iran although the coup seems success at
first it is serves as a chilling lesson
of what comes the consequences of
foreign intervention and indeed the
count is centered on the reconstruction
of the events and how the assassinations
across the Iran prepared for the
overthrow of the regime
mister Khin zaw a veteran correspondent
for the New York Times lays out the
names of the operatives he names the
names and that is the fundamental point
none of this work
none of this investigative work would be
possible if we did not if we know if we
do not challenge the attempt to silence
our naming the names of these criminal
gangster operatives of American
imperialism in every arena Ralph it's
the thing you mentioned 53 so we can be
in a historical timeline and one of the
little known facts about the 53 coup in
Iran is that British Petroleum had been
active with the oil resources of Iran
prior to 53 and as a result of the u.s.
control and the with the displacement of
Mossadegh who was nationalizing the oil
the United States oil companies moved
into Iran now back begin to other parts
of the Middle East because here we have
the British colonial empire trying to
regain control in the Middle East as
well as working with the United States
to substantially
gain control and divide up the spoils so
we have young George Kennedy young the
Deputy Director - am i - the chief of
mi6 meeting with the Americans to
discuss Egypt Saudi Arabia and Syria as
the next targets what Jung said was it
was that their the governments of these
three countries would have to be
subverted or overthrown Iraq was the
central point of British support and
area stability because you had their
students Maria Sayid in position and
they wanted to strengthen him as quickly
and as much as possible according to
evil ins report Turkey and Iran were
also considered allies because of the
recent coup in u.s. sponsored coup in
Iran and that they would help with the
British action
so what they were saying is they would
first target Syria and then proceed to
an overthrow of King Saud next and with
NASA they were coming with plans for his
assassination so we see here Meier just
to make the point that be each country
in the Middle East has been at every
conjuncture targeted for assassination
of its leaders and even for the removal
of the government in place so there is
always the agenda of imperialism
to remove any authority that is not
sufficiently compliant and to
contemplate seriously direct military or
control of their resources now let's go
to how they would do it because it this
is what you're going to find is greatly
similar to what is taking place today
with the target of Syria and Iran they
were going to stage border incidents
with Turkey the Iraqis would stir up the
desert tribes and the party popular
Syrian in Lebanon would infiltrate the
borders until mass confusion justified
the use of invading Iraqi troops already
young said they discussed all of this
with their prospective participants and
as well they had discussed this with the
Israelis now young said that the
meetings were taking place at the
highest level of the British Cabinet and
in the United States this was all
happening under Alan Douglas at Dulles
Alan Douglas Dulles the head of the CIA
and Kermit Roosevelt and they were in
meetings with Selwyn Lloyd and the SIS
which was a division of British
intelligence now this is 1956 and to
incorporate the press what evylyn did is
he meant in the United States at the st.
George bar with Cyrus sighs Souls burger
and Joseph alfalfa and Homer bigger
of the new york times and he planted
with them information about the border
incidences and also with Sam Brewer of
the New York Times and Sam Brewer is the
one who left for Syria and ended up
promoting the CIA's agenda in Syria
which amplifies the seminal disclosures
of Harrison Salisbury and his decade
gentlemen killers of the CIA when he
noted the role of the New York Times and
of the main establishment media in
servicing to provide disinformation
handed and and ordered by the Central
Intelligence Agency much of the feature
stories in the mainstream press
preceding major US interventions is the
disinformation of the CIA assets that
are within the key placements in New
York Times and other such media now one
last point about Evelyn's report the
operation was called Operation straggle
and a group the Omega Planning Group was
set up in the US State Department so we
involved we had involved here not just
the CIA under Allen Dulles but also the
US State Department and part of this
included quote the elimination of
leftist officers from the Army now I
want you to note this because recently
September 27 2003 an important article
by Ben Fenton appeared in The Guardian
great threaten McMillan backed Syria
assassination plot
Ralph yes and that is very evocative my
I mean it has a particular meaning for
me because it deals with the private
papers of Duncan Sands who is McMillan's
defense secretary and those were the
years when I first went to Great Britain
was working with Bertrand Russell and I
had the opportunity to confront Duncan
sands in 1959 at a conference over the
then CIA and mi6 plans in in Africa to
murder
dingo dingo and other leaders of the
national independence movement in East
Africa and so on we confronted him with
the data you fulminated about communist
subversion but he couldn't refute the
documentation and here we have as you
say on the 27th of September in The
Guardian Macmillan back serious-ass
ination plot parenthetically I should
mention to you that Bertrand Russell in
1962 gave a speech at the Birmingham
youth campaign for nuclear disarmament
upon the disclosure that John F Kennedy
and Macmillan were contemplating a
pre-emptive nuclear war against the
Soviet Union with a specialized report
prepared by Robert McNamara that
estimated of us would win world war war
3 at the cost of 160 million American
lives 90 percent of Europe's population
the insanity of this gangster state at
that time Russell gave a speech in which
he said Kennedy and Macmillan were worse
than Hitler
he was much pilloried for that but he
said never had the Nazis put into plague
the kind of genocidal campaign that
would have extirpated 90 percent of
Europe's population
not to mention 160 million Mehra North
Americans coming back to the fundamental
point here of this article 50 years
before the war in Iraq the article
begins
Brett Britain and America sought a
secretive regime change in another Arab
country v accused of spreading terror
and threatening the West's oil supplies
planning the invasion of Syria and the
assassination of its leading figures the
newly discovered documents show how in
1957 Harold Macmillan and President
Dwight Eisenhower approved the CIA mi6
plan to stage faked border instant
incidents as the excuse for an invasion
of Syria the plans frightening the Frank
in their discussions were discovered
into private papers of Duncan Sands mr.
Macmillan defense secretary by Matthew
Jones a reader
international history at Royal Holloway
University of London and indeed this
article which is extraordinarily
evocative and important because of its
detailing of the criminal nature of the
Central Intelligence Agency mi6 at the
hest of the rulers of capital in the
United States and Great Britain they had
prepared the topple the regime in the
autumn of 1957 through the assassination
of three leading figures which was as
the article states at the heart of the
scheme in the document drawn up by a
top-secret high-level working group that
met regularly in Washington in September
1957 mr. macmillan President Eisenhower
left in no doubt about the need to
assassinate the top men in Damascus the
men were Abid al Hamid Soroush the head
of Syrian military intelligence a thief
alby's Ricci for the Syrian General
Staff and Holly Bach - leader of the
Syrian Communist Party now it's
important to consider why they were
going after Syria Syria was the location
of an important pipeline an important
pipeline that's recently been shut down
by the United States after the takeover
the occupation of Iraq and this is a
pipeline that moves the oil from Iraq to
the Mediterranean and also it goes from
the rack to Turkey well yes and what
this the article goes on to say is
driving the call for this action was the
CIA's middle east chief Kermit Roosevelt
grandson of former President Theodore
Roosevelt the man who organized the CIA
assassination program and the coup
d'etat in Iran and Tehran in 1953 and it
was Kermit Roosevelt who identified
Colonel Siraj general beast Remus and
and mr. Bogg - as the real power in
Syria the men to be eliminated the
preferred plan stated quote once the
political decision is reached to proceed
with instigating internal disturbances
in Syria
CIA is prepared an sis mi6 will carry
out sabotage and khuddam an incident
incidents throughout Cirque Syria
working through contracts with assets
and individuals it is not the crisis
which has changed nor is it the evil
which is new the very program that is
out now being prepared for Syria and
Damascus today is the continuation of
the policy of murder and sabotage and
the destruction of government's and the
elimination of popular leaders and the
complete decimation of movements for
social change in every arena of struggle
of the oppressed and in particular in
the oil-rich arab East so here we have
in this article by Ben Fenton
documenting the discoveries of the
papers of Duncan sands confirmation of
what we will Burke reign evil and was
writing in ropes of sand the
relationship between the CIA and sis
which is mi6 and Great Britain
comparable intelligence operations to
undermine and to take over Syria now
part of the plan was funding of a free
Syria committee does this sound similar
to what we have the United States
setting up in Iran with the special
committees for democracy or the recent
committee now set up for a Cuba to
destabilize Cuba that was just announced
that which is prepared as we as we speak
in which we will detail in the Venezuela
of Google Shabbos now CIA and mi6 would
Institute instigate internal uprisings
for instance he notes by the Druze in
the South helped free political
prisoners held in the various prisons
and stir up the Muslim Brotherhood in
Damascus isn't that similar I ask you to
what the Mossad has done in Palestine
with the
worked for Hamas and not only the the
Mossad let us be clear because Mossad
was one of the career four of the
creators of Hamas along with Saudi
intelligence but it has been disclosed
recently that the United States FBI was
funding Hamas right through and
including the Clinton years under the
direction of Madeleine Albright during
the wine negotiations funding Hamas the
terror apparatus of the intelligence
agencies itself the suicide bombings to
be laid at the door ultimately of US
intelligence you are listening to taking
aim with Roshan and Mayas shown coming
to Tuesday October 14th 2003 on WBAI
99.5 fm in the tri-state region of New
York and on the Internet at
www.afcea.org in our program archived
sww taking aim info my let me just take
a moment here to give the flavour of the
documents drawn up in Washington by the
top echelons of the CIA and the secret
intelligence services they were to
create political turmoil as the pretext
for invading Syria as we have indicated
they were to in fact organize operations
that would demonize the Syrian regime
they were to above all instigate false
flag operations CIA and SIS would use
their capabilities into psychological
and action fields to augment terrorism
to organize sabotage national
conspiracies strong-arm activities and
I'm quoting in Jordan Lebanon and Iraq
responsibility for which would be
attributed to Damascus they would murder
people they would blow up things they
would
carry out atrocities all of which would
be attributed to Damascus
these were operations in which the
special action section of the SIS and
the Central Intelligence Agency
specialized in such things in the 1940s
and 1950s in there and and now we're
applying their their mo to this campaign
against Syria
here is the modality of the false flag
operations of which September 11th is
the little continuation of the standard
procedure of the gangster State in
fomenting the conditions for invasion
for permanent war and the seizure of
resources in Prior programs some months
ago of hos next we discussed taking out
Syria taking out Iran taking out Saudi
Arabia taking out China and - on October
11th in The Sydney Morning Herald
there was a startling headline revealing
exactly what we have been discussing
stalking Syria the article continues
more terrifying than the bombs dropped
near Damascus last week referring to the
Israeli bombing of a camp an October 5th
was the message they carried for the
regime of Syrian President Bashar
al-assad game over game over only four
days after that attack the US House of
Representatives on October 9th the
International Relations Committee voted
33 to 2 to ban the export of quote dual
use technologies to Syria the Syrian
accountability and Lebanese sovereignty
act is sure to pass the full house and
George Bush will be empowered to ban
American investments in Syria and freeze
Syrian assets in the United States and
this would be
the ardent support of all Democrats and
Republicans alike they're going to
basically rob the bank they're going to
move into banks and seize Syrian assets
they will confiscate the hundreds of
millions of dollars of the Syrian
government and take it away from them
and indeed Ariel Sharon as the article
states closely synchronized his strike
on Syria with political developments in
the United States says Joe Cirincione an
analyst with the washington-based
Carnegie Endowment for international
peace before the Israeli strike the
administration was resisting sanctions
after it they dropped their opposition
and implemented them Syria will answer
this attack only through diplomatic
means Assad faces an invidious dilemma
before he meekly accepts Israel slap in
the face and it goes on to demonstrate
that stalking Syria is the beginning of
the application of the chaney Mossad
neocon operation for dismantling each
country in its turn the road to Damascus
as the Christian Science Monitor
detailed on October 8th the israeli air
raid is a direct implementation of the
plan to resolve this conflict with
palestine by dismantling each arab
government in its turn the road to
Damascus and the Christian Science
Monitor details the application of this
plan as was the intent of the neocons
from the 1970s on 9/11 providing them
with their moment of opportunity a yoggi
sir a lecture a senior lecturer Tel Aviv
University stated quote without American
support or at least the expectation of
such support this attack would not have
taken place referring to the strike
against the I'm Sahib camp which is only
20 kilometers northwest of Damascus now
if you look at another article that
appeared in The Sydney Morning
Harold October 11th by Douglas gel
writing from Washington you notice that
in fact the United States didn't just
give a green light to the Israelis to
attack Syria but in fact the United
States set up this attack listen and
you'll see what I mean
u.s. spy satellite identified the Syrian
camp quote American spy satellites
showed that the Syrian target attacked
by Israeli warplanes last weekend had
been the site of recent construction
possibly to prepare it for use by the
Palestinian militant group Islamic Jihad
United States officials claimed but if
you read this article closely you see
that in fact that this was an abandoned
camp that hadn't been used for years and
in fact that there probably had been
very little construction but most
importantly is this sentence quote the
human intelligence had provided
uncorroborated indications that the site
might be used not just as a staging
ground for attacks on targets inside
Israel but also for attacks against US
troops in Iraq US officials said notice
uncorroborated indications and might
always might be used might be used by
Islamic Jihad is also stated by the US
officials might be used for US attacks
against troops in Iraq and human
intelligence what do they mean by this
human intelligence they mean very very
people like Valerie Plame of the CIA the
disinformation the staged events here in
Haaretz on the 7th of October an article
that was then disseminated by The
Associated Press Haaretz
Wow our former President Bill Clinton
was going through the motions of an
elusive peace between Israelis and
Palestinians
the Federal Bureau of Investigation was
secretly funneling money to hummus and
inducing the millet and I quote inducing
the militant group to use the funds for
terrorist attacks to use the funds for
terrorist attacks the counterterrorism
operations in 1998 and 1999 having set
up Hamas to carry out actions which
would then be the pretext for response
was run out of the FBI's Phoenix office
in cooperation with Israeli intelligence
approved by attorney General Janet Reno
FBI officials told Associated Press
Haaretz October 7th 2003 their pretext
the false flag operation Democrats and
Republicans alike from Clinton to Bush
Senior and Jeb Bush jr. standard
operational procedure of the gangster
State so we have here the collaboration
of Israel and the United States as
before in the 1950s we saw the
collaboration of Great Britain and the
United States also in discussions with
Israel to attack Syria to undermine
Syria and use that as an excuse to send
US troops into Syria which was part of
the Eisenhower Doctrine that the US
would send troops into the Middle East
to defend its hold over the oil of the
region the resources of the region now
soon after very soon after the attack on
Syria which was on Sunday the very next
day on Monday President Bush came out
with the statement quote Israel's got a
right to defend herself that Israel must
not feel constrained in terms of
defending the homeland this was the
statement of President Bush and
according to an Israeli official you
don't ask for a green light and you
don't get a green light in other words
you just go ahead and do
and the it is something that has been
planned in collaboration between the
Israelis and the US they're not quite
about it my on October 12 the diplomatic
memo article by Stephen our Weissman in
the New York Times sarin acts tough
fencing us as sent in the article
details how the attack on Syria was a
pre-planned operation based upon United
States not just green and white but
collusion and setting up the entire
operation this is hand in glove like
lips to teeth the Mossad and the Central
Intelligence Agency is the Zionists
settler state rulers and their masters
in Washington partners in crime as noted
by the Sydney Morning Herald with its
reports about the US spy satellite and
the so called human intelligence
providing the basis or the pseudo
rationale for the attack so what we have
here is now coming out of Israel is the
state are the statements that this
so-called base that was in Syria was
actually being funded by the Iranians
and ronon and Nissan who is an aid to
cherone said quote we will not tolerate
the continuation of this axis of terror
between Tehran Damascus and Gaza and oh
he was echoing Bush's axis of evil
rhetoric setting up a stage for both the
strikes that have also been in the news
the strikes against Iran as well as
strikes against Damascus which have
already begun and the continuing strikes
against the Palestinians in the West
Bank and Gaza so let's see how this
plays out on October 8 The Sydney
Morning Herald article by Timothy Phelps
and Timothy Phelps in Washington about
the serious sanctions sailing through
the US Congress because the Bush
administration has endorsed Israel's
bombing of Syria and given the all
clear to the US Congress to institute
the economic sanctions against Syria
which in essence is designed to do to
Syria what was done to Iraq which is the
strangle the economy to begin the
process of eliminating food supplies
Institute instituting epidemic disease
and starvation to bring the regime to
its knees and indeed this is the
background to Israel as the word has
reported on October 8th clearing the way
to call up its Army reservists clearing
the way to call up its Army reservists
in anticipation of major war in the Arab
East and indeed the reference that you
made to the plans for Iran are also made
clear Israel the Guardian we reported on
October 12 is deploying nuclear arms in
submarines a detailed article by Peter
Bowman and core in London and Colonel
aircard in Jerusalem in The Observer
about the deployment of nuclear arms and
submarines in preparation for major
action and on the 12th of October their
Spiegel Israel insider Israel is
preparing strike to take out Iranian
nuclear sites and indeed the Mossad
plans for pre-emptive nuclear strikes in
Iran were confirmed in Jerusalem and
hear the story Israeli press gripped by
reports of nuclear war plans on Iran
Mossad has planned preemptive strikes to
attack six nuclear is empty of nuclear
sites in Iran and others an all-out air
attack on Iran in conjunction with the
attacks on Syria had yet Aharon Otmar
even Haaretz splashed a story that were
carried in the Los Angeles Times report
that modified us-made cruise missiles
carrying nuclear warheads on submarines
are allowing Israel to launch atomic
weapons from land air or sea and Arkan
acted to the plans that their spiegel
specified of special Mossad unit
receiving offers to all orders two
months ago to prepare for imminent
strikes on a half dozen targets in Iran
according to Maori Sharon told his
associates quote Iran is the greatest
danger to Israel and that he was
coordinating all the intelligence
gathering efforts with the United States
quote down to the last detail and Mossad
chief Meir Dagan was to devote quote his
utmost efforts to gather the information
about Iran's growing nuclear
capabilities but already the detailed
plans have been prepared by the Mossad
according to Der Spiegel to destroy the
nuclear sites
now if you'll recall in 1981 Israel did
carry out a strike against Iraq's
nuclear reactor at Osiris now that was
considered complex but feasible
according to the Israeli Air Force
fighter jet pilots the attack against
Iran is much more complex since the
sites are further from Israel and there
are many more of them now of course
there is no proof that Iran is
developing any military nuclear policy
when in fact Israel is known to have at
least 200 nuclear weapons and many many
more you'll recall the exposures by more
akai but no no many years ago who's been
in solitary confinement all these years
for his exposures of the nuclear weapons
developments by the Israeli design an
estate and indeed mya the osirix plant
was not a nuclear arms plant any more
than those
they are in Iran at the time in Iraq
there was the attempt to develop nuclear
energy much as the North Koreans have
attempted to do so in the absence of a
sustainable means of providing power in
the face of sanctions in the face of
blockades in the face of the
deteriorated infrastructure and leaving
aside the question of the marital lack
of Merit of nuclear power stations
nuclear power stations are not nuclear
weapons plants and the cynical
operations of the Viktoria planes in the
Joseph Wilson's and their counterparts
and Central Intelligence were engaged in
the disinformation to provide the
rationale for the gangster attacks on
sovereign states the destruction of
osirix
the attack now on Syria the pending
attack on Iran which services an agenda
of global global hegemony for the 2% the
1% in fact of the 90% of our people that
owns let me restate that the 1% of our
population there was 90 percent of the
national wealth that is the ruling class
that has captured the state that is the
root of this criminal behavior of the
gangsters state that we've been
detailing into says another program well
in the remaining minutes let's look to
the articulation of this agenda which
was made very clear in a 1996 document
called a clean break that was prepared
by Richard Perle and David Wormser for
Benjamin Netanyahu for his campaign for
Prime Minister in Israel David Wormser
is a member of the State Department
office of arms control along with John
Bolton another war hawk and he had
worked under Vice President Dick Cheney
and his chief of staff Lewis
Libby formerly he was with the American
Enterprise Institute and the Washington
Institute for Near East policy these are
the neoconservative organizations
and along with richard perle of the
defense policy board in years prior to
his being on the defense policy board
Wormser and richard perle
crafted this document called a clean
break July 8 1996 1996 right Ralph do
you want to go in our document ensures
that the document is a virtual mine comp
it's a blueprint much as the project for
the new American Century is a blueprint
at the American Enterprise Institute on
October 7th Leo Strauss the ayah is
acolyte William Kristol acknowledged
that the United States had been the had
been remiss in not quote already moving
beyond the Iraq war to the next regime
change and the next Middle East
government to be removed the 1996
document a clean break with richard
perle of the defense policy board and
dom don rumsfeld and such was the
articulation of the necessity for a
clean break from any attempt to mediate
settlements with any of the regimes in
the Middle East and for their instant
enemy immediate overthrow it states
specifically one destroy Yasser Arafat
and the Palestinian Authority blaming
them for every act of the Palestinian
any act that is waged against the
Zionist state and to induce the United
States to overthrow Saddam Hussein's
regime in Iraq three launched a war
against Syria after the after Saddam
Hussein has been deposed for parley the
overthrow of the Baathist regime in
Baghdad and Damascus into what is
so-called democratization of the Arab
world meaning the takeover the
privatization the corporate control and
the setting up of proconsuls and pseudo
governments in these countries so
they're they're under the direct rule of
the Zionist State and the United States
and the
Tyrael control and the clean break Maya
calls then for further military action
against Iran Saudi Arabia and the and I
quote the ultimate prize Egypt
sounds like the Oh daddy nam doc it is
the oh did you know we're its ultimate
prize Altima the prize is taken directly
from Oded you know you nones document a
strategy for the 1980s which were paired
in the late 1970s which became the
benchmark document for the National
Security Agency and for the American
Enterprise Institute and the project for
a new American Century this document of
Oda genome the Mossad operative called
for the fragmentation of each Middle
East country in its term and its turn
and this very language of the clean
break is derived specifically from that
document and setting up the Saudis which
we have documented over a period of time
every single time people cite the J
Michael spring min data on the visas
that the CIA insisted were given to
Saudi operatives to come into the United
States in relation to 9/11 every single
time this dev this evidence is invoked
on PacifiCorp and elsewhere it is
deployed to suggest that the Saudis on
their own are involved in responsible
for 9/11 as we said in setting up the
Saudis and taking out the Saudis this is
providing cover for the operation to the
move to destabilize and remove the Saudi
regime itself these Saudi operatives
were indeed involved under the direct
control and running of their masters in
the Central Intelligence Agency these
people would not take a single quarter
step without the approval and the
sanction and the knowledge and the
control of the ruling class in the
United States and the Central
Intelligence Agency in particular the
ultimate prize Egypt for the first time
in 30 years Israel launched bombing
raids against Syria targeting a
purported camp inside Syria this is the
opening note of the implementation of
the clean break the principle author of
the queen break-in
series of follow-on Institute of
Strategic policy studies strategy papers
long anticipated and prepared for this
event now under the desk of not just
Dick Cheney but of worms errs wife may
Rev Wormser who was another of the class
break authors who was head of the Middle
East policy at the Hudson Institute
which is heart heavily financed by Lord
Conrad black owner of the boat the the
Hollinger Corporation and the sugar
daddy to Richard Perle who was installed
by black at the Hudson Institute and
this is the think tank that has provided
the the propaganda by the way Maya my
Roth worms received her doctorate for
the glorifying the life and works of
Vladimir Jabotinsky the founder of
revision Zionism and the intellectual
author of the of the policies of the
Likud well I'd like to mention that one
of the authors of the clean break of new
strategy for securing the realm this
1996 document was Douglas Feith who is
the deputy secretary of defense for
policy and whose name has been very much
mentioned on our program
David Wormser as you mentioned is now in
the office of Vice President Dick Cheney
so the authors of this target Syria
document moving on to targeting Egypt
targeting Iran targeting Saudi Arabia
are very much within the power structure
of the current Bush administration we're
out of time now so in future we'll have
to deal with the CIA plans in Venezuela
as well as plans in countries throughout
the world to destabilize to seize
control of the resources to prevent the
self-determination and aspirations of
the peoples of the world let me just say
this Meyer because as
we had we had we do plan to do we are
going to detail the plans to murder you
go Chavez the specific Central
Intelligence Agency plans to murder him
under the direction by the way of
Charles Shapiro a nominal State
Department functionary and ambassador to
Caracas playing much the same role as
Joseph Wilson the fourth and victoria
plain Valerie Plame excuse me Valerie
Plame we speak of outing the killers
naming the names what was so aptly
described a Harrison Salisbury and his
seminal article the gentlemen killers of
the CIA name the names expose the plots
speak truth to power identify the crime
you've been listening to taking aim with
Ravi Ullman and Maya shown our program
today part two of outing the gentlemen
killers of the CIA you can reach us at -
1 2 - 0 9 - 9 5 3 or at our new email
site taking aim at WBAI
. you can also access our programs that
are our internet site wwt ka info I'd
like to thank Kathy Davis for
engineering at WBAI
Michael Yashida for here at KPFA and
Bradley we've Meyer who works with us
each week on the production of our
programs and without whom we wouldn't be
producing taking aim I want to remind
you that the WBAI fund drive is starting
and taking aim will have a special
three-hour program next week beginning
at 3 p.m. and going til 6 so mark your
calendars and be with us next week from
3 p.m. to 6 p.m. on Tuesday for
revelations for information for
mobilizing and for activating join us
our program will be the underlying
politics of 9/11 me